hi fellas this is my new PC monitor
I'll get up first
with paperwork
and extra one on the side yeah so
besides of the month that is 22 inches
that serves this side it's a full HD
monitor it has dynamic contrast has a
magic angle which if I know it means
that from any angle you watch it you
have a crisp and clear image Eco saving
which means that the power consumption
is lower than the average monitors on
HDMI connection and the VGA connection
as well it's an LED monitor it's made by
Samsung and let's open it
okay we have got a sticker with the
power level consumption something like
that it's a bit cause we have the AC
adapter here this is a neck full stun
understand itself manual stand the AC
code and VG cord this one here see them
so moving on to the good stuff the
monitor itself let's get it over rough
here we go
so here this is the monitor itself we
have the stickers with the features LED
Energy Star and if I watch you very
closely
are there no buttons just some senses
underneath the monitor here for power
and all the settings okay the back of
the monitor vga connector HDMI and power
cord so this is pretty much it
the Samsung comes to each full HD
through series with dynamic contrast
magic angle Eco saving and HDMI
it was the best angle yeah so guys
thanks for watching and have a nice eh
oh boy